{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red69\green60\blue204;
\red238\green43\blue42;\red52\green52\blue52;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c34510\c33725\c83922;
\cssrgb\c95686\c26275\c21176;\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14120\viewh8640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 The concept of the Superfoils15 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A boat that flies on the water, a feeling of comfort never felt before. A highly technological evolution of the hydrofoil, with a green soul. This is the Superfoils15. A luxury motorboat designed and made by Inesse Corporation, a company founded in 2016 by a team of engineers and professionals operating in the fields of Formula One, the America\'92s Cup, the yachting sector and luxury car design. \
What makes this very high performance yacht unique is the advanced electronic system that adjusts in real time the foils, four \'93wings\'94 that extend below the hull and allow the SF15 to lift itself above from the water\'92s surface and cruise ignoring the waves. As a result comfort on board increases considerably and consumption is reduced by up to 50%. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 We are the first to have pushed this technology to these levels, developing a very innovative product in a field where there has been little innovation for years: Superfoils15 is a disruptive motorboat and we think it will make its mark. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 Solidity and performances 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The solidity of the project comes from very high level of experience already built up by Inesse\'92s team in the development of foiling technologies in the America\'92s Cup (2013 edition) on the AC72 Luna Rossa catamaran. Thanks to this experience and the wide use of lightweight materials such 
\f3 \cb3 as carbon fiber and titanium the Superfoils15 can exceed the 50 knots in total comfort. \
\cf2 The 15 meters length allows to enter all ports and also makes this boat an excellent end of the big yachts, while the hybrid propulsion system, that integrates diesel engines with electric motors, enables the navigation into protected areas.
\f1\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A new comfort\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 A new way to experience the sea. Thanks to the four foils and the electronic navigation system that adjusts their trim angle and their position continuously, a ride on the Superfoils15 results in an unparalleled stable navigation. Indeed, the wave motion is avoided and can\'92t be perceived with waves that are up to 40 cm, even at high speed. Not even a glass of wine will move while cruising. \
\cf5 \
\'a0 \'a0\'a0
\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Designed for exciting moments 
\f2\i\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 Elegant and potent, SF15 is a one of a kind. A 52ft long Daily Cruiser, with an entirely new mix of
\f4\b  intuitive technology
\f1\b0 , 
\f4\b design
\f1\b0  and 
\f4\b aerodynamic studies
\f1\b0 . These elements have led to an 
\f4\b iconic
\f1\b0  and artistic hull shape. The SF15 structure is fully made of 
\f4\b composite materials
\f1\b0 , while its heart hides a highly technological electronic system governed by AI, that manages the foils and ensures safety. The pilot controls the boat through a user friendly cockpit, and the yachters can enjoy an unforgettable cruise on the foils.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 Designed for relaxing moments 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Upper and lower decks come together to create a unique experience, where the living spaces are 
\f4\b finely crafted by Italian artisans
\f1\b0 , and the interiors are shaped into elegant and functional areas. Thanks to the \cf6 \cb3 courtesy of some ingenious design features,\cf2 \cb1  the lounge area is spacious, sunpads provide wide space where to relax and enjoy the sea life, while a comfortable cabin with ensuite bathroom allows owners to enjoy the SF15 overnight.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 Designed to be unique
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 The SF15 introduces a new concept of sailing based on the combination of luxury, high performances and technology. Bringing this new concept to life, Inesse made the 
\f1 \cf2 SF15 available in two different versions: hard top and open top. However, each model will be unique as every SF15 can be customised to the specific needs of the client. In order to provide the highest level of customisation and elegance, the customers have plenty of exclusive options, including hull, teak and interior colour choice.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 The foils system
\fs24 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 During the navigation and depending on the direction, the optimal balance will be continuously controlled and adjusted by the smart electronic system, that:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}moves each foil independently one from the other with a response time of one thousandth of a second\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}calibrates continuously the angle of incidence of the foils to optimize ride comfort\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl260\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The foils represents a breakthrough innovation into the yacht sector and Inesse is one of the pioneer in the evolution of this technology, setting a new standard in the world of motorboats. The foils have been designed and made by Dallara, an excellence in the production of carbon fiber custom components.\

\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
}